<!--This page is for putting in an essay comparing building a website on Github versus building a website on some other website builder-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Course Posts</title>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav><a href="index.html"> Home</a> | <a href="resume.xhtml">Resume</a> | <a
      href="gallery.xhtml">Gallery</a> | <a href="courseposts.xhtml"> Course Posts</a> |
      <a href="antconc.xhtml"> ANTCONC</a> | <a href="Corpusanalysis.xhtml"> Corpus
        Analysis Assignment</a> | <a href="timemapper.xhtml"> Time Mapper Assignment</a></nav>
    <hr />
    <p>Reflecting on building these two websites, one using GitHub, the other using WordPress, sites
      at Penn State, I am made aware of the differences between the two. Though they share some
      slight similarities in the end, the simplicity of one versus the other is outstandingly
      noticeable. </p>
    <p>There are some challenges encountered when it comes to learning a new skill such as building
      a website, and if a new learner approached me asking to teach them how to use either site,
      these are some of the cues I would give them. For building a website on WordPress, just
      explore all that there is to be learned, as there is a lot, and it is all relatively simple to
      use. Background images, page styles, building pages, etc. can be changed with the push of a
      button, and reverted just as easily. I would just be careful not to accidentally delete
      something as there are several different trash buttons located all around the pages, so a
      mis-click could lead to a very unhappy sigh. GitHub is similar, but is considerably more
      “professional” feeling, at least to me. The user must program the site to make it look how it
      should be, in a sense there is more freedom, just a lot more time must go into building the
      site to be able to make it look nice. The user also must send the information to the website
      from the website editor via GitBash, it is simple, but just another step that needs to be
      taken. This leads me to my next point, the advantages one has over the other. WordPress is no
      doubt a lot simpler, especially for a new learner such as I, however, being introduced to
      coding via all the different sites used to build my page for GitHub was also fun to learn
      despite its complexity. WordPress is simpler, and much more beginner friendly when it comes to
      website building, but there is a limit to how fancy the website can be made, this would be
      where GitHub shines through. GitHub is like designing your website from the ground up, this
      makes it much more advantageous for more experienced programmers to design a website that is
      unique, as there is no limit to the way the site can look compared to the limited number of
      templates available to WordPress. There are virtually no challenges using WordPress when
      referring to modifying the layout and organization of the site, because the site template that
      you choose does all of that for you. GitHub is more challenging as it is very customizable, so
      being able to use all the different CSS options can be a bit overwhelming, as well as fun, and
      tricky. I know that I was a bit overwhelmed when I was trying to make my navigation tabs, that
      is why I used so many different text setups, and I didn’t even use nearly all that I could
      have. Another tricky thing I took time learning was being able to visualize what the website
      would look like when you made a change on the Editor because it would be a waste of time
      trying to GitPush it to the website every time I changed something. Some necessary skills are
      being able to use the File Explorer to be able to put images, and different pages in the right
      spot to be able to access them when looking for them later, on either WordPress or GitHub, a
      user should also be creative, especially when it comes to GitHub, otherwise, the lack of
      limits may make it difficult for them to decide on how they want their final product to look.
      I want to learn how to put videos into GitHub, I also want to learn how to make the website
      move while scrolling through it like some websites I’ve visited have. Although, I am not sure
      if the moving webpage would be possible on GitHub, or if that is an even more professional
      site building software. </p>
    <p>My alternate website is: <a href="https://sites.psu.edu/jeromenacey"> WordPress Site</a>
    </p>
  </body>
</html>
